hello I am George I'm Juliet and today
we are going to make a dairy-free fruit
shake gonna be freaky all righty so
we'll talk about all the ingredients
that's going into our dairy-free
we will shake so we're gonna use we're
doing the cookies and green one with
some dairy free biscuits just this
popular choice of dairy-free biscuits in
our house we love them you could do this
with any type of dairy-free biscuit you
want it we can do awesome cream we're
gonna go wild we've got some malt
extract right like a bit of a multi
Multi taste of my milkshake this is not
milk yeah we've got some oatmeal some
chocolate we have got some ice cream and
the fries so I'll grab that go for it oh
that's a lot of ice we're gonna make
enough for two and they are free take
something you would be having these
every day would you know I mean it's a
tree is a nursery you can have this
right after you
vegan fast food you can put the ice
cream in first you do it like this she
lets to add the milk now shall we yeah
what do kin cool so is they tell me when
just all of it all of it yeah nothing
making some big ones this is gonna be
big just pop those biscuits inside yours
and apple just think right straight I
usually break them in half Rd yeah you
can do I think I'm gonna go against your
your tip on this one and just chuck them
in and then we'll put our malt extract
in to that so we've got everything in
there I've got our dairy free ice cream
got a biscuit got oatmeal put them all
in so should we give it a whizz up OK
look at that George still there all the
biscuits will crush something like that
obviously with a freak shake it's about
the presentation so I've got some other
things to bring over here George okay
where you've got cookies and cream
brownie these cool glasses here take
your straw out mm-hmm watch this and it
doesn't let it drip down I sometimes do
even it's just kind of like yeah have a
few more like drinks okay
I've whizzed up some more biscuits here
yes Wow you've got overboard on that
that's okay no so I just like gonna put
some vegetable at these are for ya very
there's a little faces in it what we're
gonna do we've got a little brownie but
one of my biscuits is for myself let's
fill up our jars with our shake shake
right there Oh lovely I've got some
dairy free vegan
squirty cream
a little bit of this so now very
carefully was thanks get all brown just
a little bit of browning that's good Wow
look at that they look so good don't
know yeah I try it now yeah cheers well
days they are really gorgeous and grim
and I hope you enjoyed that video for
more videos check out the BBC 15 YouTube
channel see you soon
[Music]